Implemented ping for MQTT (#16975)
curl/curl: docs/internals/MQTT.md

This sends an MQTT SUBSCRIBE packet for the topic `bedroom/temp` and listen in
for incoming PUBLISH packets.

> You can set upkeep interval ms option to value 30000 to have curl send ping requests to the
> server every 30 seconds to keep the connection permanently. You need to use the
> progress callback to cancel the operation.

Reviewer: I think we can make the wording more general:

```suggestion
You can set the upkeep interval ms option to make curl send MQTT ping requests to the
server at an internal, to prevent the connection to get closed because of idleness . You might then need to use the progress callback to cancel the operation.
```
